feat: [CDS-95601]: improve doc for terraform with aws assume role dur… (#6324)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/terraform-infra/run-a-terraform-plan-with-the-terraform-plan-step.md

:::

> You can use an AWS Connector to have the terraform plan and apply step assume a role to perform the provisioning of infrastructure. It's an optional configuration that takes in AWS Connector, a Region and a Role ARN. The Terraform step will use these parameters to authenticate with the aws account targeted for infrastructure provisioning.
> 
> By default, the AWS assume role session duration is 900 seconds. In order to increase the AWS role session duration, it has been introduced a built-in Environment Variable `HARNESS_AWS_ASSUME_ROLE_DURATION`, which can be used to override assume role session duration. `HARNESS_AWS_ASSUME_ROLE_DURATION` is designed to be used in Terraform Steps in environment variable section, the value have to be set in seconds. This new env var requires Harness Delegate version 827xx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use an AWS connector to have the Terraform Plan and Apply step assume a role to perform infrastructure provisioning. It's an optional configuration that takes the AWS connector, a region and Role ARN. The Terraform step uses these parameters to authenticate the AWS account targeted for infrastructure provisioning.

By default, AWS assumes the role session duration as 900 seconds. To increase the AWS role session duration, a  built-in environment variable, `HARNESS_AWS_ASSUME_ROLE_DURATION` is introduced, which can be used to override the assume role session duration. `HARNESS_AWS_ASSUME_ROLE_DURATION` is designed for use in Terraform steps in the environment variable section. The value must be set in seconds. This new environment variable requires Harness Delegate version 82700.
```
